Dark Lands: a sword-and-sorcerer campaign. Town (Athenia) is a city-state dominated (economically and legally) by corrupt templar-priests of the Sorcerer-King. The templars play up the danger of the badlands outside the city in order to keep citizens reliant on them for food (grown via magically-enhanced agriculture) and products of industry. Other towns exist but the setting overall is bleak except where players intervene.

Templars tend to resent compassionate, selfless, charitable people such as clerics in the same way the Israelite kings and clergy resented prophets: a cleric who pays the appropriate bribes to free a falsely-imprisoned freeman (or noble!) gains a friend for life, but the templar who had him imprisoned in order to confiscate his distillery may resent being made to feel like a bad guy and become the cleric's enemy!

Dark Sun is an inspiration for tone, obviously, and we are freely stealing concepts from it, but Dark Lands is not particularly metal-poor, and the eco-disaster is less about dwindling resources and more about an ecology hostile to humans (and humans who are even MORE unwilling to brave the badlands than the hostility of the ecology already justifies--it's a place of danger which has a reputation as a place of nightmares).

Athenia is geographically colocated with historical Athens, in Greece, but renamed in order to avoid ambiguity while still suggesting a real location. When we say "Athenia", players will know it's kind of near the Black Sea and that there are lots of islands and mountains nearby, but they will also know to expect dragons and chimeras and ogres and other things that don't exist in ancient or modern Athens.